Hello. I am 24 years old. For some days I have fever with moderate shaking chills.Sometimes the fever goes upto 106 degree. I sweat excessively. I have headache and nausea. I have also diarrhea and muscle pain.(Malaria).


Hello. I am 24 years old female. For some days I have fever. The fever suddenly goes upto 106 degree. I have severe headache and joint pains. I vomit 2 to 3 times a day. Blood comes in the white portion of my eyes.(Dengue).


I've noticed recently I feel pain in my chest. I never had chronic coughing.But recently I am troubled while sleeping due to wheezing.There is whistling sound when I exhales. When I exercise I feel tired and shortness of breath. In the cold air the caughing is triggered.(Asthma).


Hi I am usually allergic to house dust mite and fur or hair. From yesterday my eyes feels itchy and gritty.The eyelids tend to swell.There is burning feeling in my eyes. I wear contact lens. My eyes becoming too gluey or sticky. (Red Eye or Giant papillary conjunctivitis).


Hi. I am new here.I am 40 years old.Suddenly I have severe pain within my eye and an ache around my eye. My eyes become very red.I have blurred vision.  I often see circles when I see around lights. The pain is spreading around my head.Sometimes I vomit due to headache.My eye usually feels hard.My eyes feel hazy.(Glaucoma).


Hello guys. I feel Aching (worse in the mornings) behind the eye, especially when looking up, down or sideways.The front of my eyes become red,irritated and dry.My eyes giving me a startled appearance.Sometimes I  have double vision. Sometimes  colours appear less vivid. I have mild sensitivity to light adn difficulty moving the eyes.(Thyroid Eye Disease).



Hello I am 60 years old. Sometimes I feel an abnormally fast pulse. Sometimes slow, or irregular pulse. I feel Dizzy. I have Shortness of breath. I feel Chest pains. I have High blood pressure and I had Heart valve diseases.(Arrhythmias).



Hello I am almost new here.Recently I feel difficulty in swallowing both food and liquids.I also notice that some of food feels as if it is sticking in my chest after I have eaten. I am looinge weight.I have heavy sensation on my chest. I also develop a cough, which is sometimes worse at night.I feel like my heart is burning.Sometimes I find that some of my food is brought back up.(Achalasia).


My son, 14 years old, has been showing signs of narcolepsy for over a year now. I was just officially diagnosed with narcolepsy a year ago.In school his teachers say he can't stay awake. He tells me of hallucinations when falling asleep and/or waking up. He tells me that on some mornings or after a nap he can't move. He said he can talk but he can't move. (He has not heard me talk about this to make it up.)He currently takes 36mg of Concerta. This was specifically prescribed to help him stay awake. The issue here is that he also takes a lot of other medications because on top of the Asperger's he is diagnosed bipolar. I am as well.I am took him off the concerta just yesterday as it is summer vacation and I want to see how his days go without it. So far this being the first day he has dozed off a couple times and has repeatedly stated he feels really tired and groggy.If he has any issues with his sleep this summer I am going to have a sleep study done.I know this doesn't help much because he's not officially dx'd, but I think he has it as well. Also when I was tested for narcolepsy and it was confirmed with the sleep study my doctor also had them draw blood to do the genetic test for narcoplepsy, I tested positive as having the gene.They say that doesn't really mean a lot because many people have the gene and don't have narcolepsy. I just think it's interesting that I have the gene and am dx'd with it.(Asperger Syndrome).


I am feeling Heartburn. This is a burning feeling which rises from the upper tummy (abdomen) or lower chest up towards the neck.I have also pain in the upper abdomen and chest, feeling sick, an acid taste in the mouth, bloating, belching, indigestion and a burning pain when I swallow hot drinks. Like heartburn, these symptoms tend to come and go and tend to be worse after a meal.I have sore throat, hoarseness and a feeling of a lump in the throat.(Acid Reflux and Oesophagitis).


I am feeling abdominal pain, just below the ribs. It usually builds up quickly (over a few hours) and last for several days. The pain sometimes become severe and is typically felt spreading through to the back. The pain is aggravated by eating and slowly grows worse.I had kidney problems.Sometimes I vomit and temperature rises suddenly.I have low blood pressure.(Acute Pancreatitis).



I feel pain at the base of base penis, around my anus, just above my pubic bone and in my lower back. Pain is spreading in my penis and testicles (testes). Passing stools is painful. I feel pain when I pass urine and I have an urgent desire to pass urine and sometimes blood in my urine. I have got fever.A small amount of thick fluid sometimes come out of my penis from my urethra.(Acute Prostatitis).


For last two months I feel tired all the time. My skin is darkened(pigmentation) specially in armpits,gums and inside the mouth.I am loosing weight and my blood pressure is low.I crave for salted foods.I have diarrhea and pains in the back and abdomen. I am 30 year old female and my menstrual periods is irregular.(Addison's Disease).



Hi guys I am 30 years old,working in a small firm. I am very introvert. I feel very awkward in public places like shops,markets. I find myself in difficulties while travelling in bus or train. When I am in places like these my heart beats faster,my mouth dries and I start sweating.What is my problem? How can I get rid of it??(Agrophobia).


Hello there for the last few months my son is acting very strange. He forgets many important things like phone numbers which he used to remember.New surroundings and new people is confusing him as we have moved into a new town.He is easily irritated.He said that he is frustrated and depressed.Suddenly he is not taking bath for weeks.If I ask him about it he said he forgets!!! Can anyone help me about it.(Memory Loss / Dementia).




Hey there. My hair dresser detect some bald patches on my head. They are like coin size.There is mild burning or a slightly itchy feeling on the bald patches.But the scalp usually looks healthy and there is no scarring.They are developing quite quickly.(Alopecia Areata).



Hi I am four months  pregnant. My husband says that I am looking pale  for couple of weeks.  I am feeling tired all the time. Sometimes I feeling faint.  I have headache and ringing in the ears. My previous test shows that I have Folic Acid Deficiency.(Anaemia).



Hello guys I am 40 year old man.I feel pain, ache, discomfort and tightness across the front of the chest when I exert yourself. For example, when I walk up a hill or against a strong, cold wind. I also feel the pain in my arms, jaw, neck and stomach.The pain does not usually last long. It will usually ease within 10 minutes when I rest. If I take some glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) it goes within 1-2 minutes.My MRI scan report is normal.(Angina/Heart disease).



Hey I guys I fear whether I have Appendicitis.I feel Pain in the tummy. Commonly, the pain starts in the middle of the abdomen. The pain usually develops quickly, over an hour or so. Over the next few hours the pain typically travels to the lower right-hand side of the abdomen.The pain sometimes become severe. The pain tends to be more sharp if I cough or make any jarring movements. I have Constipation for some recent days.(Appendicitis).



Hi. I am 35 year old female living in Kentucky. Since I was in my 20's I've had osteoarthritis in my hips, but for the last year pain has spread to other joints and for the past couple of months the pain in my elbows, wrists, hips, knees and ankles has become very severe.I feel Joint pain, tenderness and stiffness.I can't move the joints freely.There are Warmth and red skin over the affected joint.There is weakness and muscle wasting around the joint.I don't know if this is related to menopause, arthritis or something else but it's making my life a misery.I had physio on my hips years ago, hydro therapy and acupunture, the acupunture was good for the muscle spasms in my bum, I'm now back to the same stage as I was with my hips then due to a job change, but it's the other joints now, I would love to lie in bed when I have the chance just to rest but it's more painful lying in bed, I get about 4 hours of rest then the pain kicks in again and I can't get comfortable. (Arthritis).



I moved in a new town five months ago.About 5 weeks ago.I am Allergetic to house dust mite.I developed really severe athletes foot - now not ever having athletes foot before this was really shocking to me. The doctor prescribed Canesten HC cream and erythromycin - as i am allergic to penicillin and it is now beginning to feel normal again. The problem is now that i seem to have developed the same as what was on my foot on my right hand. I went back to the doctors and he gave me Fucibet cream and told me to continue to take the erythromycin - but i've only been able to take 2 of these a day rather than the prescribed 4 as they were makiing the side of my face burn. The condition has just been getting worse and worse and when i went back to the doctors the beginning of the week she told me to keep using the cream, prescribed another lot of erythromcin and some dermol.(Atopic Eczema).




Hello my MRI scan detects some cyst in my knee.I feel the swelling behind your knee.I feel an ache around the knee area.I have never had arthritis.(Baker's Cyst).



I started suffering from a leg ulcer, just above my ankle, about a year ago, I visited my GP at first, who refered me to our District Nurses Clinic, who treated my condition well, and it nearly healed but I was then refered to an hospital specilist, by my diabetes doctor. The specilist said it was exmah, and informed not top continue with the dressing, but to use a special cream for the condition, I took his word, and now my ulcer has opened up again, and can be very painful on some occassions. My work involves a lot of walking, as I work in a warehouse. In my childhood I faced a spinal cord injury. Can anybody give me advice.(Pressure Ulcers).



When I was 8yr old I had a big rock dropped on my head in school. I don't remember anything prior to that or the event's of that day. I have had other hits on the head including a biking accident 7yrs ago, flying over the handlebars with no helmet, had swelling on the right side of my face but that's all (didn't get checked out).I constantly keep forgetting things, a lot of things and it's putting a huge strain on many things such a my relationship with my girlfriend.I don't know whether or not it's the knocks tot he head that stop me remembering my childhood (primary and most of secondary school) but I don't. I remember tiny little things and to be honest, I think the only things i think I remember are actually just bits of information I've been told by others.Often I can't even remember things that I've done yesterday or sometimes not remembering what I've done the same day.(Dementia).



I'm now 22 and over the years I've started noticing a couple things that I never used to have trouble with. I've started occasionally stamering, I forget really common words, I have terrible trouble retaining information no matter how hard I try, I'm struggling to remember stuff and constantly loosing things. I forgot my pin number (which I've had for years) the other day. I also have trouble focusing on what I'm trying to remember and its always like everything is on the tip of my tongue, but not in the nice "whats that actors name" kind of way. Its just like blankness whenever I try to remember anything at all or try to answer questions etc. I don't do drugs, and I don't drink heavily (I even gave it up for ages just incase).-(Dementia/Alzheimer's Disease ).



I have essential tremors that have been well controlled with medication. They have really been flaring this last week. They only change that comes to mind is that I have been out of my thyroid medicine for the last couple of weeks.I feel Stiffness of muscles (rigidity) and muscles may feel more tense. Also, your arms do not tend to swing as much when you walk. Does anyone think this could be what's causing my flair?-(Parkinson's disease).




Hi all. About 3 years ago I started having pain my shoulder. I was told by a orthopedic doctor that it was bursitis. Did physical therapy with no improvement, still hurts to this day. I have now developed a large lipoma on that shoulder. About a year ago started having severe pain in my fore foot. Had surgery to remove what podiatrist called a benign growth on toe joint. Symptoms started in same foot but different toe a couple of months ago and now told I have Morton's neuroma in that foot. At about the same time I started having hip pain and just feel achy all over and exhausted all the time. My primary care doctor is planning to do blood tests for RA next week.There is Inflammation around tendons  and I am loosing weight. I don't have swelling or redness in any joints however. Do you think this is RA?(Rheumatoid Arthritis).




I have Painful ulcers in the inside of my mouth and these are usually very painful. They can last for around three weeks. Ulcers are also occur in my genital region and are usually painful. I develop pain in my joints, most commonly the knees or ankles. This pain is associated with swelling and increased warmth. Sometimes the small joints in my hands, my wrist, shoulders and hips can be affected in a similar way.(Behçet's Disease).




I am 16 years old and im in high school. I get distracted quite easily and sort of 'zone out' sometimes when my teachers are talking and have to 'snap myself back into reality'.Recently ive started to slur my speech and sometmes struggle to say things and string logical sentences together and find mysel saying "nervermind" more often because of this and even sometimes I forget to breath so i am exacerbated halfway through a sentence.My average is about 80% in school so i can still concentrate but still feel like i would absorb so much more if im on a concentration medication.Thank you for all help.(Behavioural Problems).




in September my 12year old son started senior school and loved it , two weeks later he felt ill , after a week we encouraged him to go back to school and he got upset ,we asked why he had no reason just afraid , he begged not to go , we got him there and he would cry and beg not to be left , he ended up losing his temper which we had never seen , slowly he started to change into a stranger , one minute he would be our normal chilled don and then he would flip into and crazed child.wears now six months on , he still Wont go to school , he's having mental health help , he begs not to be parted from me , bed time is a nightmare , he has tantrums over anything , he does have food issues but he constantly wants food , and gets angry if it's not exactly what he wants , shoes and clothes are being an issue everyday , and he gets terrible itches.(Behavioural Problems/PANDAS).




Helli. I am 25 years old male. For some days I feel  weakness in my face like loose control over my face. It starts with one side.My face is droop to one side. When I smile, only half of my face may move.Chewing food on the affected side may is a problem. Food become trapped between my gum and cheek.Sometimes I am not be able to close an eye. This causes a watery eye.And also I am not able to wrinkle my forehead.(Bell's Palsy).




On Wednesday 6/15 the day of my baby boy Graduation I woke up with a little eye irritation, I had strongly believed it was the eye make up I was wearing lately since a new hair -do was in play. Later that day I had taken a group of 5th graders to the Newseum for a field trip as we stopped to eat in the food court it felt like my lips were swelling, so I immediately ranned to the restroom to check and my lips which by the way still looked normal. I also felt some tightness on the right side of my face. Later, conversing with a Co-worker she ask why is your eye twitching like that, " I don't know", I replied.I prepared my son for his graduation and went to give him a kiss and my lips were slightly turned to the left. I knew my next stop needed to be the ER but, I am waiting.(Bell's Palsy).



My doctor gave me prednisone and a steroid and artificial tears. My mouth is the worst but I haven't experienced any pains yet I've only been dealing with this for a week. But I eye tears up uncontrollably which is bothersome when trying to drive my children somewhere. I am a single parent of eight oldest fifteen and youngest three and I'm 47yrs old. My kids are my biggest supporters. But I welcome any outside advice.(Bell's Palsy).



Since Friday, I have had problems tasting things. As the weekend passed, I noticed my face being weird. I cant close one eye fully on it own, only if I close both eyes, and use lots of strength, my right eye will just close while my left eye looks as if I am really forcing it shut.My mouth feels as if I have been to the dentist, although its not as bad as some of you in here has described, I can still function normally, it just feels very weird.I think I know why I got it though. I have had a bad flyu for a while, plus I went to visit my sister and nephew last weekend, and just today I found out that my sister has attracted the shingles (adult version of chicken pox). I had chicken pox when I was a baby, but maybe the virus have attacked my facial nerve somehow.(Bell's Palsy).




I have been suffering from shaking in my body parts and it affects my left hand and my head.   I also have dystonia in right hand. I take propranolol which helps with left hand but doesn't help much with my head.  Lately my vision has been blurry.(Essential Tremor / Movement Disorder).



I have essential tremors that have been well controlled with medication. They have really been flaring this last week. They only change that comes to mind is that I have been out of my thyroid medicine for the last couple of weeks. Does anyone think this could be what's causing my flair?(Parkinson's disease).



Hello , can anyone help me with my condition please ,i have tremors in all of my muscles (body) when i move them, fingers hands legs belly tongue everything and it gets worse when im tired , when rest (not moving) nothing happens ,ihave this condition since i was 15yo or something, it was not so obvious back then it was clear only when i lift weight, (im 25yo now),i use propranolol it helps only a little bit, i went to first neurologist he said i was just nervous (i told him i was not ,he insist ) ,gave me stress medicines and vitamins which didnt work at all , second doctor told me to do MRI scan and blood tests (everything is fine) he told me that it is essential tremor and gave me parkinsons disease medicine instead of propranolol which makes it even worst then if im not using propranolol at all , im really confused what is the name for my condition? im not convinced it is essential tremor ,can any one guide me????-(Essential Tremor / Movement Disorder/Parkinson's disease)




Hi! I've had this issue most of my life, but it's gotten more frequent in the last couple years.It's usually only in my left leg, occasionally elsewhere. Only in limbs though. It's less than a second of being out of control of my leg. It only happens when I'm sitting still for any length of time.It doesn't affect me much in my life, I just want to know what the cause of it could be.It's pretty much a daily thing. I'm not too worried about it.No close relative's with Parkinson's. My Grandma's uncles are the closest...My anxiety is through the roof and when I wake up my legs (hips, thighs, calves) are quite sore. -(Essential Tremor / Movement Disorder/Parkinson's disease)



Hi All,  I dont know if anyone has come across this.  I have a worm infestation in my face.  They travel around under the skin leaving tracks and bursting holes into my skin.  they create glass like balls that split the skin open and move around my skin with ease. 
I first reported it 3 months ago and the doctors totally ignored me treating me for a secondary infection that was caused by open wounds in my face.  They have given me 4 courses of antibiotics treating the wrong infect but totally ignored waht I was telling ithem about the worms. I have caugh , fever and headache.(Schistosomiasis/Infection)



as everyone knows been suffering a while otherday i had balls white in my poo today noticed segements 2 from what could get out toilet.  There like oval i think wondering what it is iv had ct scan due headaches also found swelling to brain waiting mri could swelling be due to the parasite as dr is putting down to perhaps normal 4 age im 28.  Anyways i also have rumbles everyday iv had this problem now 4 months constant hungry itchy all time downstairs itchy legs pain in back itchy backside smelly wind.  Seems dont have lot eggs lately when do there on my vagina left side stomach feels like twisting pain and its moving to right top right.  Also my daughter whos 4 has this problem pustules she keeps having on backside and last night i got tape and got load eggs which ranging orange colour to white anyone help at wits end.  ( liver flukes / oblong orange)



I am a 24 years old male. I had an unprotected sexual intercourse with a female in Chile two years ago. Three weeks later : fever for a day or two followed by an oral thrush. 6 weeks later : explosive diarrhea, fever for about 5 days. Maybe i should mention that I had an extreme food poisoning two weeks before my exposure during a trip in Bolivia.Few months after, I had a recurring pain in the left knee (still painful sometimes). A year after the exposure, I had something like kidney stones (pain, etc) but echography did not show anything. Bloodwork showed elevated TSH though (hypothyroidism, which is uncommon for someone my age).Right now, my symptoms are: a lot of blood in stool (for a few months now), constipation, dry skin, extreme fatigue, alcohol intolerance, extreme dandruff, white tongue, recurring hairline spots in my neck, chest pain (I think there are more).I have been of course tested for HIV multiple times up to 18 months post exposure.I don't know what's wrong with my body.what do you guys think? lyme ? any retroviruses ? (Parasite/Infection)



I'm being referred from cpn to psychiatrist at the mo and I'm scared and don't know what to expect. I don't know if I have bipolar but I became 'high' after trying two different ADs. 200mg quetiapine is what I'm on now but I'm feeling like I want to cancel my appointments and stop taking my meds because what if there isn't anything wrong with me and I just need to learn to cope with life a bit better? :-( I have these horrendous lows but it's like I just have a complete meltdown every so often and then I seem to snap out of it at the drop of a hat. I feel like a bit of a fraud saying I might have bipolar because everybody I tell in the hope of support just looks at me like I'm making it up. Has anyone else felt like this. My symptoms are mild compared to others maybe I should just get a grip?(Bipolar Disorder)



I'm currently on 100mg Quetiapine to see if it helps to stabilise my moods. I became too 'high' after trying SSRIs alone and the Quetiapine has really helped me to overcome this. However I'm now just feeling really quite low and I'm struggling. If I have bipolar depression surely 100mg is too low? I have an appointment but I wanted to chat to people who have been thru it too because I just feel so isolated right now. I feel Abnormal sadness, often with weepiness.Feeling guilty, worthless, or useless.(Bipolar Disorder).



I have Low mood for most of the day, nearly every day.Loss of enjoyment and interest in life, even for activities that I normally enjoy.Feeling guilty, worthless, or useless.
Poor motivation. Even simple tasks seem difficult.I have Poor concentration. I have Sleeping problems:Sometimes difficulty in getting off to sleep.Sometimes waking early and being unable to get back to sleep.Lacking in energy, always feeling tired.Difficulty with affection, including going off sex.Poor appetite and weight loss. Sometimes the reverse happens with comfort eating and weight gain.Being irritable, agitated, or restless.(Bipolar Disorder).



I have been taking lithium carbonate for nearly eight years. I have recently had my meds upped to 1000mg at night. I suffer from severe recurrent depression.Feeling Abnormal sadness, often with weepiness.I have Lack in energy, always feeling tired.I have regular blood tests where thyroid and liver function are checked. Thankyou.(Bipolar Disorder).



Got a very light pink patch on my cheekbone had it a few months not changed normaly that pale u dont notice it unlesd I hot or in the sun then it gets a bit redder.There is red mark near my eyeleads.My half face is almost red.Blood vessels are visivle.What is it??(Port-wine Stain).




In the last year I have had a rash appear on my foot and it's gets uncomfortably itchy and very red and goes away in about 5-7 days. Last time it turned into a blister? I showed it to my naturopath and Doctor they had never seen anything like that. I was given steroid cream but nothing really helps the first few days it's just so irritated?? Now my face is turning red.Almost blood vessels becoming visible.Anyone else ever have this happen? I also suffer with autoamuine and colitis and arthritis.(Port-wine Stain).



My fiance has to babysit her nieces and nephews today. One of them has the chicken pox. I hear getting it while older is very dangerous. I am 32. I am working in a warehouse. One morning I wake up and discovered I am covered in what I presumed is chicken pox. Red spots all over my body. As I recall I only had about 20  or 30 of them all over me, and I remember thinking it was odd because I have slightly fever.They are being slightly itchy. I lost my appetite and I have caughing and sneezing. (Chickenpox).



I have had eczema for 2 years now. It is not sensitive to temperature, and the lump itself does not hurt very much. The skin around it and the nail bed hurt more than the lump. I have cracking skin due to extreme dryness and swelling,skin that feels stiff or tightened.My skin appearing darkened or leathery.(Dermatitis).



Never had the chicken pox as a kid and started getting severely itchy about 3 weeks back. Originally just thought I was having a reaction to something, but started to get a lot of rashes, and then the spots. But new rounds of spots started to come, including even this past weekend, thankfully after a few days those seem to have crusted out. Tried to go back to my uni today to get outside and meet a friend from lunch. Hit with MAJOR exhaustion about an hour into my bus ride, and also have been experiencing extreme nausea yesterday and all of today. Lying in bed and feeling alot of nausea and fatigue and fever.(Chickenpox).



last six months i am afraid for my left chest pain. my age 40 High BP. eco done. doctor said no problem. but some time fell i pain move my left chest. friends said its manya. how i relief? (Hypertension/BP)



Hi everyone I have been switched onto varapamil from an ace for some tests which the ace can interfere with. Since being on them I have had sore neck and headaches on movement and when I cough. My pulse is low 40s as its low anyway and generally feeling crap anyone else had experience the ace worked very well for me.(Hypertension/BP).



Hi, I hope it's ok to post here, I've been looking for some reassurance about my high blood pressure. I'm 28 and had high blood pressure since I was 17, with no cause identified. I'm not overweight but I don't eat particularly well either. My blood pressure was reasonably well controlled on ramipril and amlodipine however Ive now had to switch blood pressure meds to labetalol as I'm hoping to have a baby but I don't feel like this is controlling my blood pressure at all. I'm scared to take my blood pressure at home because it causes me such bad anxiety however I had to do it earlier due to bad headache/nosebleeds and it was 155/110.(Hypertension/BP).



Once I was alcoholic.2 years ago had severe liver trouble due to unrelated meds. stabilized in hospital. then told had high blood pressure and put on 20mg of propranolol. the specialist said I'd be on these for life.(Hypertension/BP/Heart disease). 



My Bp, started going up about 3months ago. I've been in and out of the hospital 3times in 2weeks. I walk 3 miles a day, I eat good, (no salt) drink lots of water. my bp this morning was 210/95, on July 03, it was 201/110, the va doctor added another medication, I'am really afraid, please any advise would helpful.(Hypertension/BP).



Last Thursday  I had my blood pressure checked at GPS and it was 143/93 which was great as it was the lowest it has been since the beginning of the year. Friday morning it was 171/114,Sat 175/115. Sun 180/123' so getting really worried. Also very bad right sided headache. Phoned GP who asked me to come in ASAP and then admitted me to hospital. Whilst in hospital BP went up to 210/145 at its worst, Enalapril dosage doubled and BP eventually settled. My question is why would it have suddenly shot up like that. Also is headache normal with very high BP (I rarely suffer from headaches). Has anything similar happened to other people?(Hypertension/BP).



Hi, I'm a 20 year old male. Im worried to death, I feel like if something is up in my head. It started like 5 days ago, I had some kind of weird pressure feeling on my right side of the head, when I mildly tapped my head, I would feel this strange feeling on my right side of the head. Right now, I dont have any migraine type headache, or some strong pain on my head, but it definitely feels strange. I have this sudden mild sharp pains on left and right side of my head, I feel a bit disoriented, like if Im going through the motions. I suffer from what I think is sudden panic attacks, I get this feeling of passing out, like if im dying, but just minutes later im all good. Like yesterday I got this burning sensation running across my neck and left arm, I felt like if I was passing out, and my toungue went numb. If had a hand full of these attacks, so now I kind of control them better. Sometimes it feels so real, that I cant control it much.MRI scan detect something in the lower lobe.(migraine pain/brain related disease like tumor).




Hello everyone! I'm 15 years old male, hypochondriac and recently I've been feeling terrible. I noticed swollen lymph nodes in my groin, neck (which kinda disappeared), under jaw and under my armpit. I've been having them for quite a lot of time (something like 3 years) and they're hard, movable, <1.5 cm in the groin, probably not growing (I'm not sure, because I had a few growth spurts during this time and it's normal for them to grow a little bit respectively with my body). They don't cause me any pain and since I found them I really haven't paid much attention to them until now.To be sure, I had a full blood and urine scans and everything came back perfectly fine. There's no history of lymphoma in my family and yep.(Teen age body change).






So I recently got an mri scan on my brain because I was getting weird symptoms in my arm and legs on the left side. Turns out the symptoms in my arms and legs was nerve pain.I had  pressure feeling on my left side of the head, when I mildly tapped my head, I would feel this strange feeling on my left side of the head. But the doctor said they found a small abnormality on my brain scan in the left temporal lobe. He said it was nothing to worry about and a follow up scan in 6 months.(migraine pain/brain related disease like tumor).



My 5 years lod daughter is ill. She is showing flue like symptoms together with pain in the chest and tummy (abdomen).The chest pain feels worse when taking a deep breath or when moving.It is lasting for few days.Now my son who is 3 years old also showing the same symptoms. What is it???(Bornholm Disease).





My son age 15 years lymph node swelling on left neck later on based on fnac report pathologist suspects chr granulomatour, as this lumph node is inner doctors said need major surgery as we afraid we asked the doctor to start ATT course as is suspects an cervical adenitis.We are using ATT first line  Drugs for past 3 weeks (21 days) from 18 day onwards we noticed swelling   is it happens while using the ATT Course .(Infectious Disease)




At first there is often a sore throat. Within a day or so a mild, dry, ordinary cough develops. At this stage I feel mildly unwell and have a slightly high temperature (fever). I have a runny nose.During a bout of coughing, I repeatedly cough over and over again. The face often goes red and the body becomes tense. Eventually, there is a desperate attempt to breathe in, which may cause a whooping sound.Each bout of coughing typically lasts 1-2 minutes.Several bouts of coughing may occur together and last several minutes in total.    It is common to be sick (vomit) at the end of a bout of coughing.(Whooping Cough).



I have red-looking patch of skin that has an irregular outline. It tends to look crusty or scaly. In Some areas the patches are cracked and bleed. Patches are slowly enlarging.It is  growing to several centimetres.It is commonly appearing on areas of the skin that have been exposed to the sun. It occurs on the leg, below the knee. It also appears on the neck and around nails.(Bowen's Disease).



By the end of that one month I found this lump all of a sudden and I am too worried about it now. It's been two weeks since I noticed the lump which is a little above my right nipple and there is no change in its size and it is painless and it's the size of a grape. It's not movable but just moved under the skin with my fingers and there are no other changes in my breasts other than the lump. Can this lump be caused due to change in place or food or anything like that?There is Changes in the shape of a breast.Dimpling or thickening of some of the skin on a part of a breast. What are the chances of this lump being cancerous?(Breast Cancer/Breast Lumps)



My hands and feet feels cold and they appears slightly swollen. They are pale and have a red or bluish colour. Pain is in my hands and feet. This is sometimes feel like burning. I develop pain in legs when I walk. This is called intermittent claudication.  pain is occuring even when I are resting. Pain is often worse at night time. I am notice tingling or numbness in my feet and hands. Cold weather will usually make symptoms worse.I am start to develop ulcers on my hands and feet, which is be painful. Skin infections is also set in. Gangrene is develop if the tissues in my hands and feet completely die due to lack of blood supply. If I develop gangrene, my skin and underlying tissues become black.Out of my two feet and two hands, it is usually at least three of these that are affected in this.(Buerger's disease).



Coughing up lots of phlegm (sputum) . The amount of sputum is medium. It is be very tiring to cough up large amounts of sputum each day.I feel Tiredness and poor concentration.Wheeziness is happening.I am cough up some blood from an inflamed airway. This is typically just small amounts of blood now and then. Occasionally, a large amount of blood is be coughed up.I had chest infections.(Bronchiectasis).



In the first week my body temperature rises slowly, and go up and down, with headache, cough and feeling unwell. Nosebleeds are there.In the second week there is a high fever of around around 40°C (104°F) - often worse in the afternoon - although the pulse is often slower than expected with a high fever.Tummy pain and diarrhoea is there and stools are often green. I have Rash (rose-coloured spots).(typhoid fever).



Pain around the knee. The pain is felt at the front of the knee, around the kneecap. Often, the exact site of the pain cannot be pinpointed; instead the pain is felt vaguely at the front of the knee.The pain comes and goes. It is typically worse when going up or down stairs or with certain sports; anything that leads to the Kneecap being compressed against the lower part of the thigh bone. Also, it may be brought on by sitting still for long periods. For example, after going to the cinema or a long drive.There may be a grating or grinding feeling or noise when the knee moves. Sometimes there is fullness or swelling around the Kneecap.(Patellofemoral Pain).



Hi my son who is 8 years old is feeling pain in his thigh.This is gradually become worse over a few weeks.Pain in the hip and groin area. Sometimes pain is felt just in the knee or the thigh instead of in the hip .There is Stiffness and a reduced range of movement of the affected hip.The affected leg is becoming slightly thinner.The affected leg is look shorter than the good leg.(Perthes' Disease).



I experienced is bleeding after going to the toilet to pass stools. The blood is usually bright red and is noticed on the toilet tissue, in the toilet pan or coating the stools.The discharge is irritate the skin around the back passage (anus). I am have a sense of fullness in the anus, or a feeling of not fully emptying my back passage when I go to the toilet.(Piles)


I am having cough, high temperature (fever), sweats, shivers, being off my food and feeling generally unwell. Headaches and aches and pains are there. I usually make more sputum. This is become yellow/green coloured and is sometimes bloodstained.I am become breathless, breathe fast and develop a tight chest. A sharp pain in the side of the chest is developing .My GP hears crackles in the chest when listening with a stethoscope.(pneumonia).



Hi I am 30 years old female having Irregular periods. Is it Reduced fertility?I find no interest in sex.Milk is leaking from the breasts. The milk leaks out by itself.There is Increased growth of hair on the face or body.(Prolactinoma).



I am experiencing visual hallucinations in low light. This is be frightening or distressing, particularly when it first occurs and I don't know the cause. I am going mad and believe there could be a supernatural cause.The visual hallucinations is be black and white, or in colour. They is just involve patterns, walls or grids. More often, however, they are complicated moving images.The faces include people who have died. Plants, trees and beautiful countryside scenes are also common.(Charles Bonnet Syndrome)



My grandpa has high temperature (fever) and joint pains. The joint pains is becoming very severe that bends his body.The joints of the hands, wrists and ankles are painful.He is Feeling tired. He has nausea and  rash including  headache.The symptoms are lasting two weeks. He said he has Pains in the eye and loss of vision.He also has  diarrhoea.He had Kidney problems.(Chikungunya Fever).


There are small, itchy, painful lumps that develop on the skin after being exposed to the cold.  They are join together to form a larger swollen, red area of skin.A burning sensation is there.They are usually red at first but am become purple.Pain and tenderness over the lump. They are lasting for 10 days.(Chilblains).



I have kidney problem. I am 45 years old. My kidney biopsy shows some complications. Now I have a poor appetite and weight loss. My skin is dry and itchy. I have muscle cramps.Fluid retention which causes swollen feet and ankles. There is puffiness around the eyes.I need to pass urine more often than usual.I have anaemia.(Chronic Kidney Disease).




I have tiredness and weakness.I have loss of appetite, feeling sick (nausea) and being sick (vomiting). I lost weight. There is a tendency to bleed and bruise more easily.Yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes is there.my liver test shows that there is a build-up of toxins.My liver fails to make enough proteins such as albumin that help to regulate the fluid composition in the bloodstream and body. It also fails to make enough chemicals needed for blood clotting.(Liver Cirrhosis).



My baby is 8 months old. My baby starts eating solid foods containing gluten. My baby may fail to grow or to gain weight. Like food is not being absorbed properly, the stools are pale and bulky. Smelly diarrhoea is occurring. The tummy is becoming swollen. The baby is vomitting repeatedly.(Coeliac Disease).



I had an injury to a limb . I have vigorous exercises. The severe pain usually comes on fairly quickly after injury (within 48 hours). Pain usually occurs even at rest and is also be worse on movement. Pain is likely to occur after any injury. The pain tends to be severe and out of proportion to the injury.  I am feel a burning sensation or a tightness around the affected area.Pins and needles is also occur in the leg. I am also have reduced sensation when the skin on the affected limb is touched. Affected limb is also pale, is feel cold . As the syndrome progresses, I is experience reduced strength in the affected arm or leg. Also, paralysis of the affected limb is sometimes occur.(Compartment Syndrome).



Diagnosed with crohn's in 2008. Very unwell for many years. Tried different meds but untolerated/ no difference.Occasional back pain but nothing like since i started infliximab about 6 months ago. Consultant requested a break for few weeks to see if pain subsides- not a lot of difference.Had another infusion this week, constant pain in the back, worse at night, broken sleep due to pain.I just wondered if anyone has similar experience being on infliximab infusion. (Chronic Crohn's Disease).



When i was 7 my dad passed away n i was seperated from my mum at that age into the uk. My mum has passed away 2 years ago. A girl iv loved n still do from the age of 7 to now 23 iv lost. N i have no energy. Iv lost control of my thoughts n i cant close my eyes because i feel like i can see bad things n hear bad things. At times i blank out while im still conscious. I need help iv never been this bad.(Depression).



I'm kyle a 14 year old teenager and in the past years and currently i get really emotional Its like one moment my mood will be one thing then il be confused and just get sad There are some current issues with my familly that have caused me to actually contemplate suicide It got that bad and i just want to know why is this happening why am i so sad and confused i thought of getting help with then the fears of being diagnosed with alot of different things kick in and i dont follow through i dont feel anything besides sadness.(Depression).




From last month I'm suffering from anxiety .I used to be concerned about my health a lot always keep on checking about my symptoms .Now suddenly I don't care anymore not afraid of death I feel like I don't care let it come , I always have weird heart pain/fear feeling and feel so confused what exactly I want , I wanna live or no ? Sometimes I get scared because of ugly symptoms , I start crying for no reason and can't stop .Sometimes I don't even wanna get normal I don't see myself being normal I really don't care I feel okay being In this situation some times I don't know what to do this is irritating .. (Depression).



I am pregnant and 37 years old.I have high blood pressure level.My urin test shows small amount of protein in my urine.My mother has had pre-eclampsia.I have Severe headaches that do not go away.Problems with my vision, such as blurred vision, flashing lights or spots in front of my eyes.Tummy (abdominal) pain. The pain that occurs in the upper part of my abdomen, just below my ribs, especially on my right side.Vomiting later in my pregnancy (not the morning sickness of early pregnancy).Sudden swelling or puffiness of my hands, face or feet.Not being able to feel my baby move as much.(Pre-eclampsia).



There is usually a seasonal outbreak of flu (influenza) each winter. I have a high temperature (fever), aches and pains in muscles and joints, a cough and various other symptoms.I have fever, sweats, a cough, sore throat, sneezing, difficulty in breathing, lack of energy (lethargy).Is it normal influenza???(Influenza and Flu-like Illness).



I have feelings of cold and firmness in the toes. Stinging, burning and numbness is also occur. I am experiencing pain, throbbing, burning or an electric current-like sensation when the affected area is re-warmed.The affected area of skin usually becomes white and feels numb. Sometimes the skin is red. It also feels hard or stiff. The skin is often red, or am become blue. It feels frozen and hard. There is also usually quite a lot of swelling of the affected area. Blisters filled with a clear or milky fluid appear on the skin. The skin is initially deep red and mottled and then becomes black.(Frostbite).




A small area of my skin tends to spread outwards. It typically develops into a rounded, red, inflamed patch of skin. The outer edge is more inflamed and scaly than the paler centre. So, it often looks like a ring that becomes gradually larger . Several patches occur over the body.The rash is mildly irritating, but sometimes it is very itchy and inflamed. (Ringworm).



Pain in my upper tummy (abdomen) just below the breastbone is happening. It usually comes and goes. It is eased if I take antacid tablets. Sometimes food makes the pain worse. The pain is also wake me up from sleep.I loose my appetite, bloating, retching, feeling sick (nausea) and being sick (vomiting). I am feel particularly 'full' after a meal.I have more issues such as belching and chest pain.Sometimes it is like heart burning.(Gastritis).




I have infection of the urethra. I have these symtoms  develop 5-7 days after having sex. Symptoms include:Fluid (discharge) from the penis. This stains underpants.Pain or burning when passing urine.Irritation inside the penis, a feeling of wanting to pass urine frequently.Redness at the opening of the urethra at the end of the penis.(Gonorrhoea).


For some days I am restless, nervous, emotional, irritable, sleeping poorly and being 'always on the go'. There is Tremor of my hands. I am losing weight despite an increased appetite. I have a sensation of having a palpitations. I am Sweating and an increased thirst. I have diarrhoea. I have Skin problems such as hair thinning and itch. Test shows a swelling of my thyroid gland (a goitre) in the neck is occurring.I have Graves' disease.(Hyperthyroidism/Overactive Thyroid Gland).



Huntington's disease(HD) runs in my family. Thereis  subtle changes in my personality and mood swings. I have Problems with movement. There is involuntary movement. In particular, it tends to affect my head, face, arms or legs. Each movement happens suddenly. In the beginning I just think that I are fidgety; I have spasm in my muscles, usually the muscles of my shoulders, neck, arms and legs. Swallowing problems are common.Lack of concentration, short-term memory lapses and problems with orientation are common. I notice that I become irritable, easily agitated, and start to lose interest in things that I previously enjoyed.(Huntington's disease).



About a month ago I had a red mark on my back the size of a coin and my doctor gave me antibiotics for an infected cyst, something I've never had before. It was sore to touch and very itchy. That's cleared now but since then I've not been feeling ver well. My neck aches when I turn to the right with some stiffness and shoulder ache. I'm also getting a dull ache between shoulder blades. Sometimes get headaches and momentary nausea. Sometimes also shortness of breath but I am an anxious person in any case. I think my eyes and ears are affected too. Also tire easily.Several areas of the skin  develop a . I have 2 cats who have had fleas recently and I walk a friends dog in fields nearby. I am wondering whether I gave got Lymes disease.(Lyme Disease).



I have rheumatoid arthritis. Now I develop symptom in fingers when I become cool - for example, in cold weather.At first the fingers go white and cool.The fingers then go a bluish colour (or even purple ).The fingers then go bright red.  This is tingling, throbbing, numbness and pain (which can be severe in some cases). Toes and earlobes are also affected. Each bout of symptoms  last from minutes to hours.I take nifidipine & stop smoking ok 3 months on.(Raynaud's Phenomenon).



My G.P. recently diagnosed me with Raynaud's - I have to say I don't have a lot of faith in him, he spent most of the time reading up about it online.   Anyway, my main symptom is tingling and numbness in my two middle fingers on my right hand ,in one foot constant pins & needles & then numbness- and it doesn't go away !  mine went straight to like a bruise colour then under my toe has gone nearly black & foot has been feeling cold. It's there all the time, I'm wondering if his diagnosis is correct, I do accept I get very cold hands and feet but not blue in colour.  Anybody else been down this road please?(Raynaud's Phenomenon).




I have Pain, stiffness, and limitation in full movement of the joint. The stiffness tends to be worse first thing in the morning. It then tends to loosen up after half an hour or so.Swelling and inflammation of an affected joint can sometimes occur.An affected joint tends to look a little larger than normal. I have poor mobility and problems walking .I have difficulty in putting on shoes and socks and getting in and out of a car.(Osteoarthritis).



I am a breast feeding woman.I have  hardness, pain, redness and swelling in the breast. It often starts in a wedge-shaped section of breast. It usually occurs in one breast only.When I feed my baby, the pain increase .I also develop a high temperature and feel unwell, with flu-like symptoms. These include muscle pains, headaches, and feeling tmyed and low.(Mastitis).



I live in Caribbean region. Zika virus is very common here. I have a high temperature (fever),Headache,Aches in muscles and joints. I have painful eyes or red itchy eyes.Itchy rash.Feeling weak and tired. Vomitting is also there.My partner is also affected.(Zika virus).



My test report shows high intensity of bilirubin.My body and eyes are becoming yellow.I have high fever and headache.I vomit when I eat somthing.I have pain in my body.(Jaundice).



I have Swollen glands, behind the ears and at the back of the neck. The glands gradually go back to normal over a week or so.A spotty, pink-red rash develops. The rash usually starts behind the ears, then spreads to the face and neck and then spreads to the rest of the body. The rash lasts 3-5 days before fading.A mild raised temperature (fever), cold, cough and sore throat.Sore red eyes (conjunctivitis) is there.Joint pains and headache.Feeling weak and tired. (Rubela).


There is a thick, gray coating on the throat and tonsils.I have a fever,chills. I have swollen glands in the neck,a loud, barking cough,a sore throat,bluish skin and drooling. I have difficulty breathing or swallowing,changes in vision and slurred speech. I have  pale and cold skin.(Diphtheria).
















































